Title: About
Date: 2012-01-07 18:56
Author: Irit Gurion
Slug: about
Image: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-hCFer88VIfY/TsfqyWJQoRI/AAAAAAAAApY/qC-nLc8ntQk/s288/%2525D7%2525A4%2525D7%2525A0%2525D7%252599%2525D7%25259D%252520%2525D7%25259E%2525D7%2525A1%2525D7%252595%2525D7%252593%2525D7%2525A8%252520022.jpg

For more then 15 years, we live with our family in good harmony and
friendship with our Bedouin neighbors. We fell in love with this place
on first sight, when we first arrived here fifteen years ago.  We have
built our home here, in the Bedouin village Hilf-Tabash, in the [lower
Galilee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lower_Galilee) close to
[Nazareth](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazareth)and [Bethlehem of
Galilee](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bethlehem_of_Galilee). We run a
tent accommodation by the name *Shevet Ahim*, which means Brothers'
Tribe. The landscape viewed from our place is of the charming and
beautiful Galilee. Moreover, the area offers ample opportunities for
sightseeing in nature by foot, bicycle or four-wheeled
vehicles.<!--more-->

Our place is situated between two nature reserves, the [Alonei
Aba](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alonei_Abba) nature reserve on the one
side and the [Tzippori](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tzippori)Brook
nature reserve on the other side. Aloney Aba is a 235-acres nature
reserve, home to the [Valonia
oak](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quercus_macrolepis) trees and
[Palestine oak](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestine_Oak). The
Tzippori Brook flows down the Nazareth Mountains through the valley
below the village, where also the Eyn Yivka spring is located. The
spring flows into a large pond with walls constructed during the Roman
period. The spring is surrounded by pomegranate orchards and green
patches of lawn, which stretch over an old road along the river leading
to the [Carmelite Monk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmelite_monk)
Wheat Mill from the Ottoman period.

The facilities available in the place are hot showers, toilets and
well-equipped kitchen for self use. The tent is equipped with mattresses
and pillows for sleeping accommodation. We also offer upon demand a rich
menu of meals cooked and smoked on firewood. During the winter, the tent
is heated by a wood stove making it pleasant and warm even during a very
cold weather. During the hot summer season, refreshing breeze freely
blows through the wide openings of tent. The tent may accommodate up to
thirty-five guests. Families, couples or any kind of travelers are most
welcome to stay with us.

The design of the place and the facilities offered combined with the
soothing atmosphere of the landscape and, above all, the pleasant and
hospitable spirit of the Bedouin village make the stay an authentic and
unforgettable experience.
